Hello welcome to this video in this video.
Tell you something.
Every web developer when ever they create websites what they do they create websites on their local
host and after creating the websites uploaded on the live server and we will do the same Lohman upload
the website first on the live server and then they create and they upload the team and then they do
all this stuff and setting what they do.
They always go to the website or a local host they apply their team they apply the settings they set
up all the website and then they upload on the live server.
Thats what we do.
All right we will install the word press on the local host.
We will apply our team would apply saying we will do everything and then we will upload it on the live
server again to set up the Wordpress or local host.
We need to do one thing and that is we need to download the server that was bought but based on our
local machine.
OK.
And the name of the software is exempt.
You can use them or whatever you want now to download them all you need to do is go to Google Google
or you can directly search here.
And when you go to Google that call the firstling here you can see exec for Windows them for Linux and
them for OSX.
You can do according to your requirements.
OK if you are on Mac you can use this if you are Linux you can use these.
And if you are on Windows like I am you can use this OK and everything will be the same.
Either you are on Linux or you are on a Mac or you are on Windows already you don't need to be read
now.
I have already installed it on my local machine.
All you need to do is just don't read and install it wherever you are installing it what you need to
do is open before you install it.
I installed it into my D drive documents and this folder four here period is exempt.
I installed it here.
OK.
Go to them.
No fine default HD docs.
Here it is the docs open it.
No remove everything that you will see in this forum.
Ok I've removed everything OK and I created a lot of letters and I've had all of those upset in my in
a folder my websites.
OK then you will remove all of everything from this folder it will be empty.
No all you need to do is get a new folder and type the name of the website that you want to create.
Or the blog that we want to create.
So I'm going to go for just word press.
You can type the name of blog that you want to create.
OK but I'm going to go forward.
Press OK.
So we will save our president upset in this breath for her know what we need do we need to download
WordPress.
OK I'm going to go for a breath
like I explained in the previous read to you what you are is forever friends with Dolan restaurant president
or G can download press.
Note the current best foot print through part of what
what are known donors for her.
Are going to take a don't know it and it will come in the donors for men.
No all right it is all loaded.
Now all you need to do is get from here.
Go to your two dogs comment.
In is two dogs breath rather the fault of deity.
At best you'd hear expected strict
letter to lead it
open it.
No.
As we have already good press for her.
We don't need any of that for lunch.
So it's going to just cut all of these flyers and I'm going to be a hit here.
I remove this folder.
OK.
So here is our Web site which is we're present open it and here's all of our files.
Know what we need to do is open the exam
open an exam and then be able to set up our press.
So I'm going to run them can crawl leg you can see these two surfaces or are already started but it
will not be the case if you are just installed the exam.
So these are really based on medical reason.
All you need to do is just click on a bet you start and may as well start these two services or just
start it know what you need to do is just open your browser.
Go to the local host local
press
amazing low we're going to set up where you said things that were breadth before getting started.
We need some information on that because you will need to know the following item before proceeding.
So what best for us to create a database to clear the areas and look the host.
All you need to do is just go to look at those.
Forward slash DGP by Amy
look at here we need to create a database.
What is I know a lot of you guys would be confused.
What I'm doing but I promise you that just stick with me and you will be a great blogger after this
whole course.
Just do what I'm doing.
All right.
I will explain all this step by step.
All right so do you guys who have already experienced with this local Who is it will be easy for you
guys but for the few who are doing very just do as I'm doing.
If you face any problem just an artist question and answer to you as soon as possible.
OK now it's time to create a database and we need to get a base as work press.
It can create
here it is.
It has created indices or press.
OK.
First step is done.
Let's go.
OK.
No is asking about the database name that we created the name of the database is WordPress.
So it's OK but press no it is asking about the use of name of our local host this local host.
I never use the name but I don't have a password the user name is basically for almost all the local
who is gay and I don't have a password to my local host.
And I hope you will also have a password if you if you have done the same thing like I did.
OK.
But if you have a password you can write it.
But we're here.
OK database host.
Yes.
Keep it as it is.
They will prefix w a schools keep it as it is.
I'm going to submit
you done.
It's tempting to stall it.
Everything is OK.
Now it's a good start.
At best you can run the install
great were best installed.
Now it's time to provide some additional information about our Web site site Dido for them.
I'm going to read that third about health from the name of my website.
Will be say hell or whatever according to your needs whatever you want create.
Just put it right here now.
Use the name.
The name is very important when you want to log in to WordPress you will need right to use the name.
In this case I'm going to write my name and password.
This is a password winner.
Very simple.
I'm going to say you should get these drunk Basford.
OK.
The strongest prospered strongest password as possible but I'm going to keep it simple for the sake
of or you will.
Hello.
Hell where it is my boss worked for abuse of the boss 30 years.
It's time to provide the email address so I'm going to do my own murder.
Me at the main door.
OK install one press installing the word press it will take a while.
Ok done what.
Is in start.
It's time to log in and conclude this Deb don't need it now.
OK now use the name remember.
Use the N word.
And what was the password password.
Hello world.
The H was kept on a log in
OK we are locked in this is that this is the back end of our website to open the front end people health
right click open a new tab.
This is this will open our press.
So this is different and this is where our blog will be.
This looks totally weird because this is basically the default team over breste we don't want this.
We will play our blog team OK and we will do everything that a blog must have like share button and
amazingly design sideboards in Boston.
Everything OK so guess me through.
I hope you have followed this and you would set up the right breast like I did on the local host and
we will do everything for the local host and then at the end we will upload our blog with the live server
and I will show you how you can upload.
OK so just stick with me like I'm doing.
And if you fight face any problem just read our discussion.
Watching this video in the next interview we will apply our team to all the cool stuff on our blog.
So see you in the next few.